## What is this repo for?

This repo was created when I started learning Vyper. I thought I will proceed in a systematic way and kind of log it as a repo, as I go from simple to more complex code bases. 

I put some extra time and effort to make this repo look more nicer for others who are getting into learning Vyper. I added many comments(which probably aren't needed for an advanced developer, but would be appreciated by a beginner) whenever possible with this wider-base of developers in mind. 

The directory `all_contracts` contain several sub-directories, each of which deals with an independent codebase. Most of them are translations of existing solidity code bases(some created by myself and some from others). Most of the directories contain two folders. One for contracts and another for tests.

I believe this repo will be useful for anyone who is getting into learning Vyper. For someone who doesn't know Python will especially appreciate this repo more.

## Intro

All the tests use [Titanoboa](https://github.com/vyperlang/titanoboa), a vyper interpreter cutely known as `Boa`. 

Also the tests use `Pytest`, which is a Python testing framework. You can have a quick walkthrough of Pytest from [here](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/pytest/index.htm).

I suggest that you do all installations and development work in a virtual environment so as to not mess up the system config accidentally.Using a venv allows you to avoid installing Python packages globally which could break system tools or other projects.

## Commands to get started

1. Start by creating a virtual environment
```bash
sudo python3 -m venv venv_name    #venv_name is the name of the venv. 
```
2. Activate the created virtual environment
```bash
source venv_name/bin/activate  #enter the venv. 
```
3. In case you want to stop the venv and delete it to start over you can run the following commands
```bash
deactivate  #exit it
sudo rm -rf venv_name   #delete it
```
4. Install the latest Titanoboa(dev version) in the virtual environment
```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/vyperlang/titanoboa
```
5. To run test(s), go to the particular directory in which the test files are located and run one of the following commands:
```bash
pytest test/  			 #run all tests
pytest test/ -s    		 #run all tests and show detailed log statements
pytest -k <substring> test/ -v  	 #run tests matching the particular substring
```
6. Detailed gas report can be generated by:
```bash
pytest test/ --gas-profile
```


## Projects:

### 1. SimpleStore
This is super simple vyper code. The only reason I added this to repo is that its my first vyper contract. Or more correct to say that this is what I tested the first time in Vyper and Boa.

### 2. Fund Me
This is from the [solidity repo](https://github.com/El-Ku/FundMe-F23) I created when I was following Patrick's Foundry course. This contract allows users(funders) to fund a particular contract with native token. The accumulated tokens can be withdrawn by the owner of the contract anytime. There is a minimum amount of dollars worth of tokens one has to deposit funds successfully.

I have almost fully converted the solidity codes available in that repo to vyper. 

### 3. Payment Splitter

This lets anyone create a payment splitter contract via a factory contract. The user can pass on a set of addresses and shares of each of those addresses in the contract funds. The funds are added by the owner of the splitter contract at creation time. After a period of 7 days, the unwithdrawn funds can be withdrawn by the owner. If all the accounts did exercise their right to withdraw, the contract should have zero funds left. 

The factory contract takes a fixed fee in eth when a user creates a splitter contract. The owner of the factory can change the fee, but it becomes effective only after a minimum of 10 blocks.
